#!/usr/bin/env zsh

set -euo pipefail

__plugin_dirname=${0:a:h:h}

autoload colors && colors

opts=()
while (( $# > 0 )); do
  if [[ $1 != --tags ]]; then
    opts+=($1)
  fi
  shift
done


OPTS_SPEC="\
git push-tags [<options>] <args>...
--
h,help    show the help
tags*                passthrough
atomic*              passthrough
no-signed*           passthrough
signed?*             passthrough
force-with-lease?*   passthrough
force-if-includes*   passthrough
no-verify*           passthrough
v,verbose*           passthrough
q,quiet*             passthrough
repo=*               passthrough
all*                 passthrough
mirror*              passthrough
d,delete*            passthrough
tags*                passthrough
n,dry-run*           passthrough
porcelain*           passthrough
f,force*             passthrough
force-with-lease=*   passthrough
force-if-includes*   passthrough
recurse-submodules=* passthrough
thin*                passthrough
exec,receive-pack=*  passthrough
u,set-upstream*      passthrough
progress*            passthrough
prune*               passthrough
no-verify*           passthrough
follow-tags*         passthrough
signed?*             passthrough
atomic*              passthrough
o,push-option=*      passthrough
4,ipv4*              passthrough
6,ipv6*              passthrough
"
eval "$(echo "$OPTS_SPEC" | git rev-parse --parseopt --stuck-long -- "${opts[@]}" || echo "git push -h; exit $?")"

term_menu_options=()
all=false
remotes=false
remote_option=
checkout_options=()

index=0
for arg in $@; do
  index=$((index+1))
  case "$arg" in
    --) break; ;;
  esac
done

shift $index

if (( index == 1 && $# > 0 )); then
  git checkout -b $@
  exit
fi

tags_to_push=()
git push --tags --dry-run --porcelain $@ | while read line; do
  if [[ $line == '='* ]] || [[ $line == Done ]]; then
    :
  elif [[ $line == '*'* ]]; then
    parts=(${=line})
    tags_to_push+=("${parts[2]}")
  else
    echo $line
  fi
done

if (( "${#tags_to_push[@]}" == 0 )); then
  echo No tags to push!
  exit 0
fi

while (( "${#tags_to_push[@]}" > 0 )); do
  simple-term-menu $term_menu_options "${tags_to_push[@]}" && i=0 || i=$?
  if (( $i == 0 )) ; then exit; fi

  echo git push $@ "${tags_to_push[$i]}"

  tags_to_push=("${(@)tags_to_push[1,$i-1]}" "${(@)tags_to_push[$i+1,$#tags_to_push]}")
done

echo Done
